Email Address Assignment Rules

To prevent stalking or spamming others, ConTroll needs to implement a set of rules for users changing their email addresses or adding new managed users with
email addresses. The goal is to verify they actually control that email address, yet not get in the way of creating new accounts/people.

The rules differ slightly for managers and those that do not manage any other accounts.

Initial set up of an account:
    A new account requires that the email address be validated.  When the user accesses the login page, they select to login with one of the email validators
    (Oauth2 or Email Token type validators).  When the validation succeeds if the email address is unknown the user is asked if they want to create an account
    with that address.

Creating a new Managed Person on your account;
    Adding a new account as a managed person on your account requires the user to enter the email address of the new account.  This email will fall into one of
    three categories:

    1. Matches the main accounts email address:  ConTroll asks if this is the desired email address, and if so, creates the new account using the same email
        address.  No validation is needed as this is already a validated email address.

    2. Matches an account already in the system, but not one of the owners accounts/identities or one of the ones they manage.  This is not allowed to be used
        as it belongs to someone else, and this would be a back door way to manage them without their permission.  This could enable a stalker because a manager
        can see/adjust a managed accounts profile (name/address)

    3. The email address is unknown to the system. To facilitate adding family members to your account ConTroll allows creating the account with that email
        address.  Note: since none of the information is known to ConTroll, the only information is that which the user enters, and this does not reveal any
        stalking information.  If the person who owns that email address later logs in, they will see that it is managed by someone else and can break that
        management before they change their contact information.

Changing an Email Address
    Validation rules are enforced on changing an email address in a simular fashion to creating one.

    If the user is the manager of accounts:
        The new email address can be one the manage, or one of their identities.  To add an address that is not one of the ones the user has already validated
        they need to validate the address. This is done by adding it as an alternate identity for their own account.  This way they prove they have access to
        the address.  // TODO: do we also send the add to identity email autoamtically if they try to addit, or force them to go to the account settings page?
        //TODO: Current thinging is no, because that would cause an extra round trip to the database to return and ask the question.

    If the user is not a manager of accounts (free standing or managed)
        The new email address can be one of their identities.  To add an address that is not one of the ones the user has already validated
        they need to validate the address. This is done by adding it as an alternate identity for their own account.  This way they prove they have access to
        the address.  //TODO: do we also send the add to identity email autoamtically if they try to addit, or force them to go to the account settings page?
        //TODO: Current thinging is no, because that would cause an extra round trip to the database to return and ask the question.
        //TODO: managed users need access to account settins for the identity portion only.
