Registration Status (membership status)

Registration (reg) records are assigned a status, this is the meanings and flows of those status entries

statis enum('unpaid','plan','paid','cancelled','refunded','transfered','upgraded','rolled-over') DEFAULT 'unpaid'

NULL is not considered valid, but is currently not locked out.

unpaid: The registration has been saved to the member's account, but has not yet had any payments applied to it.
    "Free" badges (price == 0) are immediately marked paid and are never in the unpaid status.
    (When a membership is only in memory (used by portal) this status is in-cart, and only those in the database are considered 'unpaid')

plan: This registration is not fully paid and is part of a payment plan.  Registration items not allowed to be deferred in a plan are never
    assigned this status, and are either unpaid or paid.

paid: This registration is current, and is fully paid.

cancelled: This registation can be in any stage of payment, but is now 'revoked' or 'cancelled' and is kept as an audit record only in the
    database, it is shown to registration administrations, but not to registration staff or portal users.  Only a registration admin can
    revoke a membership.

refunded: This registration entry has been refunded by the convention to the end user.  It is no longer valid.  It is can be shown to any
    one with access to this person's records

transferred: Thiw regitration entry is no longer valid.  It is an audit marker for who paid for it, and a new membership has been created
    for the receiving user for that membership.

upgraded: this membership was used as part of a membership chain and is now upgraded to a higher membership type. It is visible as an audit
    record to anyone with access to this person's records.  It receives this state when the upgrade membership is fully paid for.

rolled-over: this membership is cancelled for this year, and a new membership for the next convention year has been created.

Time flow of statuses:
Normal Flow:
1. When added first by either the registration staff (atcon, mail in reg) or the end user (portal, online reg) it is marked unpaid
2. Online Reg users paying for the registration successfully change the status to paid.
3. Portal users can make a registration a part of a payment plan. Upon successfully setting up the plan and making the initial payment
    the registraion is marked either paid (for those not in plan that become fully paid) or plan for those in the plan which are not
    yet fully paid.
4. Portal users can pay the outstanding balance (of not in plan items) and this will mark those items paid.
5. Portal users making a payment on a plan update the amount paid on each reg record.  When the reg record is fully paid,
    the status is changed to paid.
6. Registration Staff using the mail in "Registration" screen in ConTroll or the Atcon POS interface can pay against the outstanding balance
    on any registration and that change the amount paid, and mark it paid when fully paid off.
7. A portal user or registration staff user using (atcon, mail in reg), adds an 'upgrade' category registration to a the account and then
    pays for that upgrade, the system will mark the prior registration as upgraded. (NOTE: This is still a work in progress, and it will be
    affected by the future addition of upgrade by paying the difference in price).

Admin Flows:
1. Using the Registration List tab to access a registration entry and then the edit button.
    a. They can manually set any status from the edit screen bypassing any checking logic.
    b. They can use the revoke button to mark the registration 'cancelled' (forfeitted)
    c. They can use the 'restore' button to change the status from 'cancelled' to paid/unpaid based on it's payment status.
            (NOTE: items revoked from a plan are not handled properly currently)
    d. They can use the 'transfer' button to mark this entry transferred and create new entries in the receiving user. Only 'paid'
        registrtions can be transferred, so the receiving user has them marked 'paid'.
    e. They can use the 'rollover' button to change the status to rolled-over and a new membership is created for the following convention
        (conid + 1) in this users account and marked paid. Only 'paid' registrtions can be rolled over.
    f. They can use the 'refund' button to change the status to 'refunded'.  The refund process is currently outside of ConTroll.
